Edit Dictionary Dialog

Register "String" and corresponding Kana translation.
Simply replace the left column string to right colomun string,
both can contain any type of character.
Register those words repeatedly used in the document, which is not translated correctly.
Those chars extraction mis-rcognize many times may be register and corrected at 
kana translation.

Use Mouse Right button for Copy & Paste
not when cell is highlightened but when string is highlightened.
Cut/CopyPaste buttons bellow title are used to copy/move row.
"Paste" inserts row before the selected row(Delete flag is not copied). 

String replacement is applied for only word with "Use" is checked on,
and then kanji-kana translation is done.
Replacement is applied from top rows sequencially.
So, take care for the case "本町" and "町", same char is differently pronunced.  

Shows "(null)" when left "Translation to Kana" to null, 
the "String" is deleted at translation.
if "Kana" is space char it is shown like as "( )".
"─" may be translated to "けいせん"(line drawing character),
to avoid it register "(symbol)"(See bellow). 

e.g)
空気       |くーき               (when required to replace "う" by ("ー")
本町       |ほんまち 
町         |ちょう
環境汚染   |かんきょう　おせん   (required space to split word)
飛び地     |　とびち             (Space is prefixed)
◆         |(null)
(symbol)   |─ ☆
、つ       |う                   (for many time mis-recognition)

The rows with "Del" is checked on is deleted at "OK" is clicked.

Tou can sort by clickking header line.
Column header "Use" sorts by sequence of Check-On and Check-Off.
Column header "String" sorts by sequense of values of "String" column.

Fie/Save/SaveAs buttons are used to select dictionary for each documents.
You may SaveAs to appropriate folder before re-install which looses the update.
Record format of dictionary file is as following, CRLF is 0x0d0a.
Default extension is ".dct".

n;String;Kana
n is '1':Use,  '0':Not Use
e.g)  1;飛び地;　とびち
      0;A市;A し
      1;本町;ほんまち
      1;町;ちょー

(Form11E) 2020/01/28
